index.rst, before:

FEM on Colab
==============
.. meta::
    :description lang=en:
        FEM on Colab is a collection of packages that allows to easily install several finite element libraries on Google Colab.
        FEM on Colab is currently developed at Catholic University of the Sacred Heart by Dr. Francesco Ballarin.

.. image:: _static/images/github-logo.png
    :target: https://github.com/fem-on-colab/fem-on-colab
    :height: 80px
    :width: 80px
    :alt: Go to repository on GitHub
.. image:: _static/images/email.png
    :target: mailto:francesco.ballarin@unicatt.it
    :height: 80px
    :width: 80px
    :alt: Contact us via email


Description
-----------

.. image:: _static/images/fem-on-colab-logo.png
    :height: 150px
    :width: 150px
    :align: right
    :alt: FEM on Colab

**FEM on Colab** is a collection of packages that allows to easily install several finite element libraries on Google Colab.
Currently supported libraries are `FEniCS <https://bitbucket.org/fenics-project/dolfin>`__, `FEniCSx <https://github.com/FEniCS/dolfinx>`__, `firedrake <https://github.com/firedrakeproject/firedrake>`__ and `ngsolve <https://github.com/NGSolve/ngsolve>`__.

Authors and contributors
------------------------

**FEM on Colab** is currently developed and maintained at the `Catholic University of the Sacred Heart <https://www.unicatt.it/>`__ by `Dr. Francesco Ballarin <https://www.francescoballarin.it>`__.
We acknowledge all contributors listed in the `AUTHORS file <https://github.com/fem-on-colab/fem-on-colab/blob/master/AUTHORS>`__.

Timeline and funding
------------------------
.. list-table::
   :widths: 10 90

   * - 2021
     - Early development of **FEM on Colab** begins at the `Catholic University of the Sacred Heart <https://www.unicatt.it/>`__.


Learn more about FEM on Colab
-----------------------------
.. toctree::
    :maxdepth: 1

    packages
    contributing
    citing

License
-------

**FEM on Colab** is freely available under the MIT license.

Commit message:

Add gmsh to the website

index.rst, after:

FEM on Colab
==============
.. meta::
    :description lang=en:
        FEM on Colab is a collection of packages that allows to easily install several finite element libraries on Google Colab.
        FEM on Colab is currently developed at Catholic University of the Sacred Heart by Dr. Francesco Ballarin.

.. image:: _static/images/github-logo.png
    :target: https://github.com/fem-on-colab/fem-on-colab
    :height: 80px
    :width: 80px
    :alt: Go to repository on GitHub
.. image:: _static/images/email.png
    :target: mailto:francesco.ballarin@unicatt.it
    :height: 80px
    :width: 80px
    :alt: Contact us via email


Description
-----------

.. image:: _static/images/fem-on-colab-logo.png
    :height: 150px
    :width: 150px
    :align: right
    :alt: FEM on Colab

**FEM on Colab** is a collection of packages that allows to easily install several finite element libraries on Google Colab.
Currently supported libraries are `FEniCS <https://bitbucket.org/fenics-project/dolfin>`__, `FEniCSx <https://github.com/FEniCS/dolfinx>`__, `firedrake <https://github.com/firedrakeproject/firedrake>`__ and `ngsolve <https://github.com/NGSolve/ngsolve>`__. Mesh generation via `gmsh <https://gitlab.onelab.info/gmsh/gmsh>`__ is also supported.

Authors and contributors
------------------------

**FEM on Colab** is currently developed and maintained at the `Catholic University of the Sacred Heart <https://www.unicatt.it/>`__ by `Dr. Francesco Ballarin <https://www.francescoballarin.it>`__.
We acknowledge all contributors listed in the `AUTHORS file <https://github.com/fem-on-colab/fem-on-colab/blob/master/AUTHORS>`__.

Timeline and funding
------------------------
.. list-table::
   :widths: 10 90

   * - 2021
     - Early development of **FEM on Colab** begins at the `Catholic University of the Sacred Heart <https://www.unicatt.it/>`__.


Learn more about FEM on Colab
-----------------------------
.. toctree::
    :maxdepth: 1

    packages
    contributing
    citing

License
-------

**FEM on Colab** is freely available under the MIT license.
